add Middleware, NEXTAUTH_SECRET, Deployment sections (#218)
nextauthjs/docs: docs/deployment.md

# Deployment

Deploying NextAuth.js only requires a few steps.

# Vercel

1. Expose [System Environment Variables](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/environment-variables#system-environment-variables).

> 2. Create `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` environment variable. The value should be something random, eg.: `openssl rand -base64 32` or https://generate-secret.vercel.app/32

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` environment variable for all environments. You can use `openssl rand -base64 32` or https://generate-secret.vercel.app/32 to generate a random value.
```

3. Add your provider's client ID and client secret to environment variables. *(Skip this step if not using an [OAuth Provider](/configuration/providers/oauth))*

> 4. Deploy!

Reviewer: Could be nice to link a template and have a clone and deploy link?
